okay we
just gonna hang
so who's gonna begin this Anthony okay
are you ready I was born ready
all right
good evening everybody
in 1976 Philadelphia had no respect
Philadelphia was a club even though it
was the birthplace of our nation and
when you hear that song just done his
powers and they can play that they use
all over the country and all different
sporting events but it's Philadelphia
in back in 1976 a director of amazing
filmmaker one of the throw his hat in
the ring for all the president's men and
he was denying and so what happened he
found this little movie called rocky and
he went off to win the Oscar
I'm humbled by their enthusiasm in their
graciousness and your hospitality I
could be pleased I'm disheartened
Sylvester's nodular and all the other
people that make this possible bill
Connor you differently used it if you
imagine this this movie without that
music I can hotchkiss my assistant
cameraman who's the guy that said you
know my friends Garrett Brown has this
camera who would look at it and I looked
at a reel of Garrett's Brown and his
girlfriend at the time that was wife
Ellen was running up the steps of the
art museum and I said I know just what
that's been about so I I am so lucky to
have been the recipient of so much help
from so many people Jean Kirkland sent
me a script he said it's about a boxer
give me a break without interesting
people's getting each other about that
he said please please read it so I
started reading anything and on the
second or third pages this guy's talking
is his joy was cuddling and I was
charmed it's terrific character study
and a love story and I think the thing
that had touched all of us was that the
rocky character wanted something that we
all want that Rodney Dangerfield respect
rocky wanted to not be another bum from
the neighborhood none of us do
that's why we all could relate to this
character and build with Connie's
incredibly emotional beautiful music and
Sylvester story and all the terrific
actors and actresses that were in the
movie and while we were here shooting
totally under the radar for ten days we
didn't get caught thank God that's why
we're here the police force had been a
little bit better here
so I am very grateful for all of you
that now this new DVD 4k blu-ray sample
of the movie is incredible I see things
that I've never seen before
a breath out of people's snowflakes it's
a beautiful beautiful print of the movie
better than the original and there's
also a terrific extra content of the DVD
that Lloyd Kaufman came up with eight
millimeter footage of us shooting here
in 1975 in November I forgot I didn't I
really remember anybody shape our
millimeter home movies but all of that
stuff is on this new DVD so check it out
anyway here it is and again thank you
all very much for coming in your day